may I interest you in some pumpkin spice
spam yes you can do it home with you and
a nice I mean seriously
that's that's not right that's just not
right yeah no it is no I had my share of
spam over the years have you yeah it's
like having your dessert and lunch all
in one little can solutely yeah I've
turned over to the vegans fans this why
you've turned over reduced to the
biggest yeah sort of thing do they make
a vegan spam I'm sure they don't yeah it
doesn't seem like it would appeal to
anyone really at all how you doing I'm
good you're everything's good I'm doing
well thank you everything's fine cool
well listen I got a before we get into
the things that we're supposed to talk
about oh I can't believe in all the
years I've done your show that I've
never brought this up out here
oh but I got to bring it up tonight okay
all right this is a surprise for him it
is years and years and years ago longer
than either one of us want to think
about we were in Austin Texas at the
four seasons
that was during him South by self
hanging out there right it's like Owen
Wilson and you me Harry Dean Stanton
Seymour Cassell Neil Young was there it
was like something Bad's gonna happen
uh-huh okay and there was this table I
mean if you remember this or not there
was this table of girls like a whole
bunch of them 12 or 13 of them next to
us over there and they wanted to know if
you and I would come over and say happy
birthday to one of the girls who was
having a birthday oh so we went over
there doesn't remember any of this no
because I think Woody Harrelson may have
been there too it was which is why I
don't remember any of them yeah
yeah that's right what he was with Owen
so anyway so we go over there well Harry
saunters over there and Harry used to
for anybody who doesn't know this Harry
Dean Stanton God rest his soul used to
sing and Spanish all the time used to
play with the mant and everything and he
came over and said let me sing happy
birthday to the birthday girl in Spanish
well in Spanish happy birthday has like
it's like Bob Dylan I was like 35 verses
uh-huh
so he goes over there and sings happy
birthday in Spanish to these girls who
just want to say hi to the two of us and
okay so he finishes up and he goes away
with Seymour and then we find out
because we asked them we said well what
are you girls doing in town what turns
out that they all went to school
together they're all doctors they all
went to school together and every year
they have a reunion in a different town
so one year at Cincinnati then it's La
then it's Seattle whatever and we said
Wow well what do what do you girls do
we're gynecologists they said so you can
say gynecologist right sure of course so
anyway there were gynecologist and in my
suave way I said have you ever seen a
rock and roll tour bus and they said no
we've never been on one cuz we were
playing therefore so all of them he
liked 12 girls come onto the tour bus
and we start talking and they want to
know all about music and movies and you
know what is Sylvester Stallone like
whatever they
and so all I wanted to do was ask him
about their deal yeah now so anyway so
it was this back and forth you know you
know it's like well when you did
Slingblade did you buy my yeah yeah yeah
it was fine it was great anyway so let's
say a lady comes in you know yeah and so
one way or the other we kept in touch
now every year Katie who's sort of the
ringleader of them she lives in
Pittsburgh she calls me every year on
their reunion and they'll call me from
Miami or Buffalo New York wherever they
happen to be and they're all in the
background having a couple you know why
and all this kind of thing and we played
in Pittsburgh two or three tours ago and
she was there with one of her other
associates and in the middle of the show
I introduced her and Nola and they're
really sweet women and she said I had a
present for you I said bring it up and
she brought me some kind of like 1930s
gynecological tool that and you think
dentistry was bad I mean what was the
purpose of the tool do you remember yeah
no no no Carrie she brought that did she
check it or did she carry on so there
you go and in a pinch if you ever need
any kind of gynecological anything any
city you tour in you probably have a
friend there absolutely there's a couple
of mundane veut there's one up in
Portland this is perfect for you
everywhere you just got done with a tour
right is that the tour where you
you saw Katie - Katie yeah no we played
Pittsburgh Katie was there but she
didn't bring any instruments no
instruments when you guys brought your
instruments she didn't yes yeah Wow and
what is Sylvester Stallone like
what a guy that's crazy
when I would go back home to the south
over the years the people you grew up
with I always want to know something
about this somebody yeah something and
for some reason they would always ask me
about Sylvester Stallone they would
always say where's equation
what's a Sylvester Stallone like and the
other question they would ask is hi man
how much you get on one in movies oh
really
people actually ask you that yeah and
what am I gonna say to a guy who works
at a sawmill so one guy asked me do you
get paid by the job or by the hour
sometimes it might be better by the hour
oh absolutely well we're gonna take a
break Billy Bob Thornton is here
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm about to step out to lunch yeah I
saw that
hey how does that come about you know
like a public water board being the same
offices as a private company tallgrass
had the space well I was hoping that I
could get some information on drilling
and water distribution in Blackwood
County to help me out water is
transported from the Sierra Nevada
mountains in the north via the
California Aqueduct and everything else
you need to know is in this handy-dandy
pamphlet you can take that with you
Thanks that is Billy Bob Thornton and
which is in season three now what a good
show that is do you like being on a show
is that something that appeals to you
you know I was kind of late to the game
about how TV and streaming was a big
deal and when I did Fargo I thought you
know this is I like this boy that wasn't
great that was that our next guest is
Allison Coleman your honor without
Allison my pal we talked backstage she's
a wonderful gal I love her and so you
know after that I like I said I was late
to the game I thought well now if you're
a movie actor you shouldn't do that and
then all the sudden everybody says no
you don't understand us like T B's the
thing now and because the independent
film business kind of you know tanks a
little came television really AM
television yeah and so if you want to do
an independent film now you got to do it
for you know the streaming companies and
you know Amazon's HBO's all of us and so
I've enjoyed playing this character
because it's essentially me if I were a
lawyer in LA that's the guy I'd been you
talk about your character talks about
Hoosiers a lot and you also I know are
loved the movie who how many times have
you seen the movie Hoosiers at least 100
at least a hundred times I've never seen
Hoosiers no yes I've never seen it and
the reason why is ridiculous okay but I
went to UNLV I grew up in Las Vegas and
in 1987 the Indiana beat UNLV and the I
think the semi-finals of the college
basketball tournament
and I was like I'm not watching that oh
yeah oh my and I still haven't watched
it oh of course
my usual in my pop culture knowledge I
understand it yeah uh you know I can't
when we win the I'm a Cardinal fan st.
Louis Cardinals scene and you know you
got a right there and diehard Cardinal
fan and when we play the Cubs you know
our natural image or yeah when we play
the Cubs
I don't watch when they're at bat and
the Cubs are at bat
really yeah I watched when the Cardinals
are at bat I go out of the room and when
I kind of figure it's about time I go
back in there yeah Wow can't watch them
Wow are you very superstitious it was
that's just make sure you just don't
want to get aggravated
it's I don't like the Cubs and dishes so
when the Cubs won the World Series after
you know never winning the World Series
were you happy for them you know what I
I kind of was I had to say I mean there
is a sentimental part of me that can't
help it and I had a good friend who's a
Cubs fan and who passed away and I
thought you know what I mean you know
looking down I thought yeah it's okay
and I it's the only time I've ever had
an open heart for the Cubs really bring
people together that's right well it's
great to see this Joe is terrific it's
called Goliath season three starts
streaming October 4th on Amazon Prime
Billy Bob Thornton everybody
congratulations on making it to the end
of the YouTube video why not celebrate
by clicking the subscribe button you
earned it